docs(srv): add new entries to FAQ MTA-5829 (#4706)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/faq.mdx

* **Use sandbox v2**: We recommend you use sandbox v2 (advanced settings) to reduce cold starts.

### Which Linux syscalls are supported?

> - [Sandbox](/serverless-containers/concepts/#sandbox) v1 guarantees a full compatibility with Linux syscalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sandbox](/serverless-containers/concepts/#sandbox) v1 guarantees full compatibility with Linux syscalls.
```

A Serverless Container is set to `ready` once the specified port is correctly bound to the container, and will start receiving traffic. If your application needs to perform some tasks before receiving traffic (e.g. connect to a database), it is important to run them before binding to the port (starting the webserver).
For now, the `HEALTHCHECK` Docker directive has no impact on container readiness. In the future, the health check will be customizable for your applications.

### How do I know if my application is compatible with Serverless Containers ?

Your application is compatible with Serverless Containers if it meets the following criteria:

- It must handle requests delivered via HTTP, HTTP/2, WebSockets, or gRPC.

> - It must not require a persistent local storage, but either a local [ephemeral storage](/serverless-containers/concepts/#ephemeral-storage), or a network file system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It must not require a persistent local storage due to [ephemeral storage](/serverless-containers/concepts/#ephemeral-storage), and must use shared file storage systems like [Object Storage](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/object-storage/)
```

> - It must not require a persistent local storage, but either a local [ephemeral storage](/serverless-containers/concepts/#ephemeral-storage), or a network file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It must not require persistent local storage, but either a local [ephemeral storage](/serverless-containers/concepts/#ephemeral-storage), or a network file system.
```

> - It must be able to handle multiple instances of the app running simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

It's not a requirement when application use max/min scale 1

- It must fit the [Serverless Containers limitations](/serverless-containers/reference-content/containers-limitations/)

> - It must expose a webserver port to be accessible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It must expose a webserver port and listening to `0.0.0.0`.
```

Reviewer: and be listening to/on

## Network and storage

### Can I redirect all HTTP traffic to HTTPS?

> Yes, you can [redirect every inbound HTTP connections to HTTPS](/serverless-containers/how-to/manage-a-container/#manage-a-deployment-from-the-scaleway-container-registry) by enabling **HTTPS connections only** in the **Security** tab of the **Advanced options** of your container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can [redirect all inbound HTTP connections to HTTPS](/serverless-containers/how-to/manage-a-container/#manage-a-deployment-from-the-scaleway-container-registry) by enabling **HTTPS connections only** in the **Security** tab of the **Advanced options** of your container.
```

To add network restrictions on your resource, refer to the [list of prefixes used at Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/). Serverless resources do not have dedicated or predictable IP addresses.

> ### Can I use my own TLS certificates?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Can I use my own TLS certificates for custom domains?
```

> No, you cannot use your own TLS certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No, you cannot use your own TLS certificates but we use Let's Encrypt to generate and automatically renew certificates on your [Custom Domains](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-containers/concepts/#custom-domain)
```
